start w shabazz

introduce self.  play two truths and a lie.  

- i am 
- i am going to make you write code in this class
- monopoly tournament

why is that 'fun'?  or, more fun at least than 'normal' introductions?
inefficient, confusing, makes you not trust people, misunderstandings....why is that 'fun'?
what is fun?

several definitions here.
huizinga homo ludens
suits -- lusory attitude 
mcgonigal
flanagan
'galloway'




google definition : fun
				fən
				noun
				1.
				enjoyment, amusement, or lighthearted pleasure.
				"the children were having fun in the play area"
				synonyms:	enjoyment, entertainment, amusement, pleasure; jollification, merrymaking; recreation, diversion, leisure, relaxation; a good time, a great time; informalrest and recreation, R and R, a ball
				"I joined in with the fun"
				merriment, cheerfulness, cheeriness, jollity, joviality, jocularity, high spirits, gaiety, mirth, laughter, hilarity, glee, gladness, lightheartedness, levity
				"she's full of fun"
				adjectiveinformal
				1.
				amusing, entertaining, or enjoyable.
				"it was a fun evening"
				synonyms:	enjoyable, entertaining, amusing, diverting, pleasurable, pleasing, agreeable, interesting
				"a fun evening"
				verbNORTH AMERICANinformal
				1.
				joke or tease.


why do we care

diff between derrida and barthes: one dissects play, the other DOES it, on the page  

"games artists play" is going to be a bunch of things (and you will help define that) but one thing I hope it will be is fun.

things this class is about : 
		1. artists using games to make art (where the audience may or may not know a game is part of the process)
		2. artists referring to games in their art
		3. artists using game-like practices in their art
		4. art which is a game
		5. games which are not art but are potentially either fun or inspiring 
		6. the cultural context within which all of this is happening

DOING:
Blender







		- examples -- robert morris bodyspace; carsten holler
		2. fun that is artful  -- (how are these similar/different?)  - 
		3. how these things fit into broader cultural context




that game that marianne weems played with her company where they would try to work a certain word into every one of their responses during q and a

two truths and a lie
never have i ever

telephone


http://www.purselipsquarejaw.org/surrealist_games/


http://www.trevorwishart.co.uk/publ_bks.html